# Deep-Learning
Contains all deep learning projects done in ECEN 521: Deep Learning. All done utilizing _**tensorflow**_.
* **Lab 1** contains simple statistics problems, initial creation of _**activation functions**_: relu, sigmoid, tanh, and softmax functions, simple code for distribution and statistics, and loading and representation of the Iris and MNIST Dataset.
* **Lab 2** contains simple matrix problems, implementation of _**activation functions**_, weight initializations, forward and backwards propagation, binary cross entropy, Training _**linear regression**_ on Boston dataset, and _**classification**_ on Iris Dataset.
* **Lab 3** contains explanation and implementation of _**Optimizers**_ [Stochastic Gradient Descent(SGD), SGD with momentum, AdaDelta, Adam, Adam with warmup). Training loss functions from Lab 2 and plotting the accuracy. Data Visualization of MNIST and cifar10 dataset, Principal Component Analysis(PCA) and t-SNE(t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding) for dimensionality reduction.
* **Lab 4** computes training and inference, implementing _**Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs)**_ with the MNIST CIFAR10, and CIFAR100 dataset for predictions. Does feature extraction. Features early stopping if model does not get better. Outputs failures.
* **Lab 6** develops _**Data Augmentation**_, utilizing a dataset of dogs and cats, creating directories of sampled cats and dogs to create a model to differentiate between cats and dogs utilizing CNNs. I created an image generator and train the set. I rotate, shift, flip, and shear the image for data augmentation. Also demonstrates _**Transfer Learning**_, utilizing VGG16, ResNet. Also contains hyperparameter tuning utilizing KerasTuner(AutoML).
* **Lab 7** video files are used for object detection. Demonstrates _**Neural Style Transfer**_, utilizing VGG19 model and CNNs to transfer the style of an image onto another image. Demonstrates training of **_YOLO_** to detect bananas in your hand. Videos showcase this. Utilizes _**OpenCV**_. Showcases _**Word2Vec**_, _**embeddings**_, _**Gradient Boosting**_.
* **Lab 8** utilizes _**LSTM**_ to do stock price predictions. Classifies stock prices (strong buy, don't buy) utilizing Neural Networks. Does _**Text Classifaction**_ for IMDB. Utilized _**glove**_ embeddings. Trained a model to _**generate text**_ from Nietzsche's writings
* **Lab 9** using denoising _**Autoencoders**_ for denoising text entries with a noisy background. Generative Adversarial Networks(GANs) to generate new pokemon from the pokemon database, showcasing Discriminator Loss and Generator Loss.
